Expand NodePath hints, added Resource hints to GDScript exports (#3473)
godotengine/godot-docs: getting_started/scripting/gdscript/gdscript_exports.rst

    export(Color, RGB) var col
    # Color given as red-green-blue-alpha value.
    export(Color, RGBA) var col
    
    # Nodes
    
    # Another node in the scene can be exported as a NodePath.
    export(NodePath) var node_path
    # Do take note that the node itself isn't being exported -
    # there is one more step to call the true node:
    var node = get_node(node_path)
    
    # Resources
    
    export(Resource) var resource
    # In the Inspector, you can then drag and drop a resource file

>     # from the File System into the variable slot.

Reviewer: > 
```suggestion
    # from the FileSystem dock into the variable slot.
```
